(crowd cheering)
- [Announcer] And joining us tonight
we have an undefeated world champion.
- Get up, you good for nothing lazy.
(audience cheering and applauding)
- [Audience Member] Bravo.
(birds chirping)
- Morning, beautiful.
(siren wailing)
- Oh, didn't you forget something?
(birds chirping)
(dog barking)
(sirens wailing)
And don't forget the trash.
(slow music)
♪ Yeah, you could be the
greatest, you can be the best ♪
♪ You can be the King Kong
banging on your chest ♪
♪ You could beat the world,
you could beat the war ♪
♪ You could talk to God,
go banging on his door ♪
♪ You can throw your hands up,
you can beat the clock, yeah ♪
♪ You can move a mountain,
you can break rocks ♪
♪ You could be a master,
don't wait for luck ♪
♪ Dedicate yourself and
you gon' find yourself ♪
♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And the world's gonna know your name ♪
♪ 'Cause you burn with
the brightest flame ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And the world's gonna know your name ♪
♪ And you'll be on the
walls of the hall of fame ♪
♪ You can go the distance,
you can run the mile ♪
♪ You can walk straight
through hell with a smile ♪
♪ You could be a hero,
you could get the gold ♪
♪ Breaking all the records they
thought never could be broke ♪
♪ Yeah, do it for your
people, do it for your pride ♪
♪ How you ever gonna know
if you never even try ♪
♪ Do it for your country,
do it for your name ♪
♪ 'Cause there's gonna
be a day when you're ♪
♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And the world's gonna know your name ♪
♪ 'Cause you burn with
the brightest flame ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And the world's gonna know your name ♪
♪ And you'll be on the
walls of the hall of fame ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You'll be on the walls
of the hall of fame ♪
♪ Be students, be teachers ♪
♪ Be politicians, be preachers ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Be believers, be leaders ♪
♪ Be astronauts, be
champions, be truth-seekers ♪
♪ Be students, be teachers ♪
♪ Be politicians, be preachers ♪
♪ Be preachers, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Be believers, be leaders ♪
♪ Be astronauts, be champions ♪
♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ And the world's gonna know your name ♪
♪ 'Cause you burn with
the brightest flame ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ And the world's gonna
know your name, oh, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ And you'll be on the
walls of the hall of fame ♪
♪ You could be the greatest,
you can be the best ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You can be the King Kong
banging on your chest ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You could beat the world,
you could beat the war ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You could talk to God,
go banging on his door ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You can throw your hands
up, you can beat the clock ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You can move a mountain,
you can break rocks ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ You could be a master,
don't wait for luck ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ Dedicate yourself and
you gon' find yourself ♪
♪ Be a champion ♪
♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪